## General Brainstorming

If I really want the GUI to be more responsive, I should implement some multiprocessing

Ideas for additional cards
I think there are a handful of areas I can develop cards in
- More 'core' cards——detectors, sources, and analysis
- Objective cards——big overall theme stuff, maybe sort of like MTG color pie?
- Auxiliary cards——little 'extra' cards for people to slot in that do more unique things

What if data storage is a thing? Like you have a certain max amount of data?
- Inspired by CERN's many issues with long-term data storage
- Analysis doesn't really use up your data, though...
  - Maybe some analysis cards can _refine_ your data? Like, reduce your total data amount by half but also gain a multiplier to its efficacy?

For aesthetic reasons at the very _least_, neutrino flux should be high but neutrino detectors convert flux to data inefficiently

Idea:
- Display power tokens under cards like energy cards in the pokemon TCG

Idea:
- Tentpole physics card effects can change how the basic physics works
- e.g. If you have a card representing a theory that says that protons can decay, then protons can decay

Idea:
- Almost all topic cards should provide data scaling given specific conditions are met
- E.g.
  - neutrino oscillation multiplies data generated by neutrinos that have oscillated
  - Astroparticle research multiplies data generated by high energy particles
- The inspiration for this came from the realization that 'what data is 'good' is just a function of what you are
looking for. When thinking about the background modeling analysis card, I wanted it to throw out non-useful data,
and thus had to think about what 'non-useful data' means


## Idea: Token Expansion
- Second row of cards (or tokens or coins or whatever we want to call them)
- This second row are the particles and data and such that our experiment is generating
  - Could be sort of nice aesthetically to see your sources generate things then your detectors act on them
  - This can also incorporate some of the "capacity" things I like the idea of--e.g. max amount of data
    - The capacities can visually be the width of the token's row
    - Consider whether it is fun to have to need to manage your capacities
  - Particle tokens can decay after X ticks (i.e. X card activations)
    - I really like this idea
    - Teaches people about decay modes also?
      - Will probably need to simplify a bit
  - Do background particles get constantly added?
    - E.g. if you have a proton detector build, do you need to worry about neutrinos coming in?
    - This is only a problem (mechanically) if you have a max particle capacity
    - Maybe ask Dr. Rogan if particle pollution is a problem
      - Noise?

Neutrino cards could ignore some impediments? Flavored after neutrino non-interaction.

Maybe neutrinos are unique in that there is a global 'neutrino flux' value, whereas say protons are only available to
the next few cards? To represent how you can just shoot a neutron beam to _anywhere_.

So, under this design, rounds flow like this:
1. Pick / arrange cards
2. Start round
3. Each tick:
   1. Activate all tokens (top to bottom, left to right)
   2. Activate current card

## Specific card ideas:
- **Nuclear Reactor** : Increases neutrino flux, supplies power
  - Power is a resource that can be used by active particle sources
    - Maybe can also be used by computer cards?
    - Consider having power not be just a resource but a positional thing.
    - Right now, there is maybe no reason to not generate power first?
      - But actually, maybe you want to save your power to get used by your ml cluster instead of your beam?
- **SuperK**
  - Discussed w/ Dr. Rogan, he suggests that we have super-k tuned for lower energy neutrinos
- **IceCube**
  - Discussed w/ Dr. Rogan, he suggests that we have IceCube tuned for higher energy astroparticle neutrinos
- **Neutrino Oscillation (topic)**
  - I want to encourage spacing out your detectors (simulate long baseline experiments)
  - So, something like:
    - Neutrinos with flavors not previously detected generate 2x data
      - This also requires a neutrino token rework where the oscillation chance is random (is random good?)
    - When a neutrino is re-detected with a different flavor, it generates 2x data
  - 2x score if you have at least 2 \[detector] cards
    - A bit blunt and basic
  - Multiply score by (1.5 * \[number of spaces between your two furthest detector cards])
    - A little more interesting
- **Sterile Neutrino Search (topic)**
- **Neutrino Mass Measurement (topic)**
- **Computing Center (special)**
  - Has 'computer' tag
  - Increase data token capacity
  - Grants passive: All other cards with the 'computer' tag trigger twice
  - Name this after a real tier 1 or tier 2 CERN computing center
  - Consumes power
- **Coal power plant (special)**
  - Generates lots of cheap/easy power tokens
  - Also generates pollution tokens which do something bad
    - Clog up your token rows? Incur a negative effect when activated each tick?
    - With score attack, maybe pollution sticks around between rounds? So it really does incur escalating costs?
- **Renewable power plant (special)**
  - (wind, hydro, etc.)
  - Generates a few power tokens
  - No downside
- **Shielding card (special)**
  - Basically just a card that is _really_ good at blocking particles. To reduce noise for sensitive detectors
- **Monte Carlo Sim (analysis)**
- **Background Modeling (analysis)**
  - We want this to be good for things that are noise sensitive
  - Maybe data tokens have a signal:noise ratio? And this can improve that?
    - How would the signal:noise ratio be determined?
    - I think ideally the concept of 'signal' and 'noise' is emergent rather than baked in.
    - Relevant issue here is that the 'signal' and the 'noise' are on top of one another rather than separate.
    so e.g. having 'noise' be a bunch of low-value data tokens does not really represent it perfectly. It leads to
    strange behaviors like being able to fix your signal:noise ratio by building more data storage.
      - That said, this is still a _pretty_ good implementation.
  - If we go with the 'noise is low-value data tokens' approach, background modeling could have the effect of
  removing your X lowest-value data tokens
  - Note that I had an idea for fixing this, see my most recent voice memo
- **Shower reconstruction (analysis)**
  - Good for particles that decay? (or physics areas involving decays?)
  - I may be wrong here
  - Also, shower reconstruction is sort of an application of analysis while machine learning is a
  method of analysis? Maybe we don't care about that slight theme incongruity
- **Proton-Proton Collider (special?)**
  - I'm a little shaky on the physics, but basically a card that lets you shoot particles at each other
  - This is maybe more in the realm of beam physics. Talk w/ Dr. Rogan
- **Accelerator Ring (special)**
  - Like they have at CERN!
  - Increase the energy of any charged particle tokens


## Outreach scaling rework
I don't really like the 'current' idea for outreach scaling where each card just gets
a numerical bonus based on some nebulous outside factor.

Can I do my outreach scaling differently? Current problems:
- Inelegant
- Makes cards extremely wordy
- Kind of overcomplicated if we want detailed bonuses
- We want people to be able to precisely predict what the outreach bonus will be

Idea:
- Sidebar includes a breakdown of the outreach multipliers
  - This fixes the problem with cards having limited real estate
  - But also makes it harder for people to predict exactly what the outreach bonus will be


## Score Attack Mode Brainstorming

Basic score attack mode could just be like:
- Beat X score
- If you do so, you get to pick a pack to open
- Continue for as long as you can

Currently, this game has a fundamental issue, which is that in e.g. Balatro all jokers start out 'viable.'
At the start of the game, taking _any_ joker will improve your run and make you more effective. Same in nubby,
cloverpit, etc. As you go further and develop your build, some jokers stop being viable because they do not
synergize with the rest of the build. The issue is that we are not like this right now. A particle source is
useless unless you have a detector, a detector is useless unless you have analysis, etc.

Possible solution is to give you a shop before the first round where you have a little startup grant. Also,
making more cards that are broadly useful outside of select synergies is good.